future-ready-talent-project
Industry Name : Lifestyle

Project Title : SUDO FASHION - This is an online ecommerce website having latest fashion style outfits for mens and womens at their fingertips.

Problem Statement : E-commerce is a business model that allows companies and individuals to buy and sell goods and services over the internet.E-commerce enables startups and large-scale businesses to enhance their revenue through an online customer base.It helps lower the cost of a product and allows less wealthy people to buy it. E-commerce has given us access to services and products that are not otherwise available in rural areas.It provides an important platform for promoting and marketing products around the world.It provides opportunity to communicate with customers,introducing new products to customer over the Internet.During this covid pandemic e-commerce are providing almost every thing at door step.Consumers most often enjoy the convenience and simplicity of shopping online and delivering orders.E-commerce growth is magical as fashion and lifestyle brands listen to consumers changing their norms regarding style.

Project Description : E-commerce is an economic development opportunity.Online sales allow businesses to reach more customers, both at home and abroad. New jobs are also created in supporting sectors such as technology companies, payment service providers and logistics companies. E-commerce provides a great deal of comfort to the metro city customer,as they don’t have to bear the hassles of traffic or getting ready while shopping online. Villagers and Rural people was not able to afford all services and products.E-commerce has enabled rural areas to access services and products, which are otherwise not available to them.So rural people, as well as hardworking urban people,e-commerce website services help to buy things in their homes and help people get things at a low price. Also,senior citizens who may not be able to go to hospitals or grocery stores every now and then, but they can access an app or website and get whatever they want in e-commerce websites. As a result, the e-commerce sector offers more solutions to people's problems, making an e-commerce app and website is the ideal option. The advantages e-commerce for customer are Choose From Wide Range of Goods save time, Enjoy Simplicity and Comfort and save money, Get Detailed Information about products and pricing, modify their orders, contact the company, track the delivery status and 24/7 support team.E-commerce provides advantages for Business such as significantly less investment, Affordable Marketing, Collect Customer Data Insights.

Primary Azure Technology Used : Static Web Apps, Visual Studio Code

Project Demo URL : https://green-cliff-0349c6b0f.1.azurestaticapps.net
